and then people show beauty and three ways
of giving reason for the fish's
first commonplace in the world is
simply grab ration and drop in.
of the aquarium that we have to understand
that these fish have this reason to
ask if she will accumulate in the
Aquarium background enter decaying
of composition and this is a problem
our fish there, mainly with the
ammonia issue and everything else then
I put a little, they ate me
I'll put some more
this is one of the ways and uses a
because you use it that way.
I want him to get used to mine.
I do not want them to be afraid of
me
by the time I food for them
so I do the following way get a
amount and I'm releasing slowly
here o
turning attention slowly waiting
discovered loose a little more
beauty is good, we have to
understand that we have three types
of fish inside an aquarium
mainly a Community framework
They have these fish are more
on the surface
fish that swim at the median height of the
water in the middle of the aquarium, and those
other fish that we call the background
bottom fish of the corridor hull
hours these fish hardly
they come get this right up here
beauty is what happens
there are specific rations for these
fish and need fish that
there is nothing in the area in the water there shall we say
average
I do the following, I put it inside the
water even then the reason is already
sinking always remembering people
minimum amount of feed
these fish they're going to have to start
ration in less than three minutes
she can not accumulate on the bottom is
falling the bottom line only that by
amount of fish I have here
in a little while and have eaten everything
quiet beauty then three forms of
give ration simply drop here
in a small amount line and
dropping more
or hold and release to the
few
This takes a little more time alone.
with the fish it gets more
accustomed to your hand they do not have
Afraid this is so cool, the delay is
little more
only the guy in good if you do not have and
minute to feed your px is
better than hopping and hop
I do not know to buy
It was a parrot, if you do not have one.
little minute could finish me their
fish in the good I think I have to
look for one another another fun there
hobby something you like more
Beauty, people, I hope I have helped someone.
A strong hug, the species does not forget
enjoy a video sharing
also subscribe to the channel is still
not inscribed strong beauty and good hug
luck in creation